Scheduler: describe hiddenWeekDays API (#8687)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxScheduler/1 Configuration/views/hiddenWeekDays.md

---
---
##### shortDescription
Hides specific days of the week in this view.

---

> Use this property to hide days of the week in an individual view configuration object.

Reviewer: It sounds like I'm hiding days in a configuration object. So I want to change the sentence just a little bit. 

```suggestion
Use this property to specify hidden days of the week in an individual view configuration object.
```

> Specify an array of day numbers from `0` (Sunday) to `6` (Saturday). Scheduler filters out invalid values and removes duplicates from the list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use this property to specify hidden days of the week in an individual view configuration object.

Specify an array of day numbers from `0` (Sunday) to `6` (Saturday). Values outside this range are ignored, and duplicates are removed.
```

> Specify an array of day numbers from `0` (Sunday) to `6` (Saturday). Scheduler filters out invalid values, removes duplicates, and sorts the remaining values.

Reviewer: I don't think it matters to me (to a developer) whether the scheduler sorts those values. I can specify Tuesday & Friday ... or I can specify Friday & Tuesday. The order doesn't matter - both Tuesday and Friday will be hidden.  

```suggestion
Specify an array of day numbers from `0` (Sunday) to `6` (Saturday). Scheduler filters out invalid values and removes duplicates from the list.
```

This per-view setting overrides the component-level [hiddenWeekDays](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxScheduler/1%20Configuration/#hiddenWeekDays) value. If this property is not specified for a view, Scheduler uses the component-level value.

> For `workWeek` and `timelineWorkWeek`, set this property to an empty array to display all days of the week in that view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In `workWeek` and `timelineWorkWeek` views, set this property to an empty array to display all days of the week.
```
